◆ adb : Android Debug Bridge (installer for "platform-tools").
◆ advanced-rest-client : Advanced REST Client and API console (by Mulesoft).
◆ akasha : AKASHA community client.
◆ alduin : An Atom and RSS feed aggregator.
◆ altus : Client for WhatsApp Web with themes & multiple account support.
◆ amusiz : Unofficial and unpretentious Amazon Music client.
◆ anavis : Tool to visualize musical form.
◆ anchor : An EOSIO Light Wallet with simple and advanced tools.
◆ ant-downloader : BitTorrent Client developed by golang, angular, electron.
◆ antares : An useful SQL client based on Electron.js and Vue.js.
◆ anydesk : Remote desktop application distributed by AnyDesk Software GmbH.
◆ aphelion-wallet : Aphelion desktop wallet application built with Electron.
◆ apk-editor-studio : Easy to use APK (Android) reverse-engineering tool.
◆ appimagetool : Tool to generate an AppImage from an existing AppDir.
◆ appimageupdate : Tool to update an AppImage using embedded information.
◆ aranym : Virtual Machine for Atari 32-bit applications.
◆ arcade-manager : Manage your rom collection (Games/Retropie & Recalbox).
◆ archipel : Decentralized archiving and media library system.
◆ ardm : Another Redis Desktop Manager, faster, better and more stable.
◆ arena-tracker : Deck Tracker for Hearthstone game with arena in focus.
◆ arma3-unix-launcher : ArmA 3 Unix Launcher (game).
◆ assaultcube : Multiplayer, first-person shooter game 3D, based on CUBE.
◆ audacity : Multiplatform Audio Editor.
◆ auryo : An audio/music desktop client for SoundCloud.
◆ avidemux : Multiplatform Video Editor.
◆ azpainter : A full color painting software for illustration drawing.
◆ baiji-manga-viewer : Manga viewer that uses Material Design.
◆ bazecor : Graphical configurator for Dygma Raise.
◆ bettersis : Modern shell for SIS.
◆ bezique : Plays bezique game against the AI.
◆ bitwarden : Password manager for individuals, teams and business.
◆ blender : Very fast and versatile 3D modeller/renderer.
◆ blensor : 3D modeling, animation, rendering and post-production.
◆ block-dx : Exchange dApp built on top of the Blocknet Protocol.
◆ blockbench : Editor for boxy models and pixel art textures like Minecraft.
◆ blowfish : Display your total Ocean Token balances. 
◆ boardgamestar : A platform for playing digital boardgames.
◆ book-manager : Simple desktop app to manage personal library.
◆ bottles : WINE profile manager (installer for "wine-bottles").
◆ bovo : Five in a row game from KDE.
◆ brave : A privacy oriented Web Browser (installer for "brave-browser").
◆ brave-browser : A privacy oriented Web Browser based on Chromium.
◆ bts-ce-lite : Telecommunication network management application.
◆ buckets : Budgeting fast, simple and private.
◆ bugdom : Pangea Software's Bugdom game.
◆ bulk-reviewer : Identify, review, and remove private information.
◆ castersoundboard : Soundboard for hot-keying and playing back sounds.
◆ celestia : Real time 3D space simulator.
◆ celestia-dev : Real time 3D space simulator (developer edition).
◆ chiaki : PlayStation 4 Remote Play Client.
◆ chromium : Web Browser. Open source base of Google Chrome, Edge and Brave.
◆ chromium-dev : Beta version of Chromium Web Browser.
◆ cliniface : 3D Facial Image Visualisation and Analysis.
◆ code-oss : Visual Studio Code OSS Edition.
◆ color-generator : Generate perceptually uniforms palettes (graphics).
◆ comic-reader : Electron based comic reader.
◆ cozydrive : File Synchronisation for Cozy (cloud).
◆ cpeditor : Code editor specially designed for competitive programming.
◆ cpod : A simple, beautiful podcast app.
◆ cpu-x : Software that gathers information on CPU, motherboard and more.
◆ crossmobile : Create native iOS/Android/Windows apps in Java. 
◆ cura : Convert 3D models into paths for a 3D printer (graphics).
◆ cutter : Free and Open Source Reverse Engineering Platform.
◆ dawnlightsearch : A Linux version of Everything Search Engine. 
◆ deeptags : Markdown notes manager with support for nested tags.
◆ deployer : Deploy your applications through Jenkins. 
◆ dfilemanager : File manager written in Qt and C++.
◆ die-engine : Detect It Easy, a program for determining types of files.
◆ discord : All-in-one voice and text chat for gamers.
◆ dockstation : Developing with Docker has never been so easy and convenient.
◆ drill : Search files without indexing, but clever crawling.
◆ dropbox : A free cloud service (Unofficial AppImage).
◆ duckstation : PlayStation 1, aka PSX games Emulator.
◆ dust3d : 3D modeling software for games, 3D printing, and so on.
◆ eaglemode : Zoomable user interface with plugin applications.
◆ electorrent : A remote control Torrent client.
◆ elements : Desktop App which displays the periodic table.
◆ emacs : Text editor for developers.
◆ ember : Client for the WorldForge virtual world system (game).
◆ encryptpad : Secure text editor and binary encryptor with passwords. 
◆ endless-sky : Space exploration and combat game.
◆ eplee : Sweet, simple epub reader.
◆ eqonomize : Manage your personal finances.
◆ etcher : Flash OS images to SD cards and USB drives, safely and easily.
◆ eternal-lands : 3D fantasy multiplayer online role playing game.
◆ exeqt : Cross platform tray manager.
◆ exifcleaner : Clean exif metadata from images, videos, and PDFs.
◆ eyestalker : Video-based eye tracking using recursive estimation of pupil.
◆ fastboot : Tool to flash Android devices (installer for "platform-tools").
◆ figma-linux : First interface design tool based in the browser (graphics). 
◆ filmulator-gui : Simplified raw editing with the power of film (graphics).
◆ firefox : Web Browser (installer for "firefox-stable").
◆ firefox-dev : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser (Developer Edition).
◆ firefox-esr : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser (ESR Edition).
◆ firefox-nightly : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser (Beta Edition).
◆ firefox-stable : Fast, powerful and extensible Web Browser.
◆ firetail : An open source music player.
◆ flippy-qualitative-testbench : Music sheet reader.
◆ fluent-reader : Modern desktop RSS reader.
◆ focuswriter : Simple fullscreen word processor. 
◆ fontforge : Free (libre) font editor for Windows, Mac OS X and GNU+Linux.
◆ franz : Messaging app for WhatsApp, Slack, Telegram, HipChat and much more.
◆ frappebooks : Book-keeping software for small-businesses and freelancers. 
◆ freac : fre:ac, free audio converter and CD ripper for various encoders.
◆ free-tex-packer : Creates sprite sheets for you game or site (graphics).
◆ freecad : Free and open source AutoCAD alternative.
◆ friture : Real-time audio visualizations (spectrum, spectrogram, etc.).
◆ gamehub : Unified library for all your games from different platforms.
◆ geometrize : Images to shapes converter (graphics).
◆ gifcurry : The open-source, Haskell-built video editor for GIF makers.
◆ gimp : GNU Image Manipulation Program is a cross-platform image editor.
◆ github-desktop : Electron-based GitHub app.
◆ gitjournal : Mobile first Note Taking integrated with Git.
◆ gitqlient : Multi-platform Git client written with Qt.
◆ gmail-desktop : Nifty Gmail desktop app for macOS, Linux & Windows .
◆ goglauncher : A simple Linux launcher for GOG Games.
◆ google-chrome : Web Browser provided by Google.
◆ google-tasks-desktop : Unofficial client.
◆ gpg-frontend : A Powerful, Easy-to-Use Crypto Tool. 
◆ gqrx : Software defined radio receiver (SDR).
◆ groot : Graphical Editor to create BehaviorTrees.
◆ gsequencer : Tree based audio processing engine.
◆ handbrake : An open-source multiplatform video transcoder.
◆ hexoeditor : Markdown editor for Hexo built with Electron.
◆ ice : Webapp manager, convert your favourite Web pages to standalone apps.
◆ imagemosaicwall : Create an image based on a bunch of other images.
◆ infection-monkey : An automated penetration test tool (security).
◆ inkscape : Vector-based professional drawing program (SVG, PDF, AutoCAD...).
◆ irscrutinizer : Capture/generate/analyze/import/export infrared signals.
◆ joplin : Note and to-do application with synchronization capabilities.
◆ julius : An open source re-implementation of the Caesar III game. 
◆ katomic : Educational game based around molecular geometry from KDE.
◆ kblackbox : A game of hide and seek from KDE.
◆ kbounce : Fill the field game from KDE.
◆ kdenlive : Video Editors provided for KDE.
◆ kdiamond : Diamond game from KDE.
◆ kfourinline : 4 in row game from KDE.
◆ kgoldrunner : A game with a runner and gold, from KDE. 
◆ kiriki : A dice game from KDE.
◆ kjumpingcube : A game of dices on a board, from KDE.
◆ kmahjongg : Mahjongg game from KDE.
◆ kmines : Classic mine game from KDE.
◆ knavalbattle : Battle Ship game for KDE.
◆ knetwalk : Net constructing game from KDE.
◆ kolf : Mini Golf game from KDE.
◆ kollision : Use your mouse to dodge red balls in the field. KDE game.
◆ konquest : Game of planets from KDE.
◆ kpat : Klondike, Spider, Free Cell and other Solitaire games from KDE.
◆ kreversi : Reversi game from KDE.
◆ kshisen : A game similar to Mahjongg, from KDE.
◆ kspaceduel : Battleship game with satellites in the space, from KDE.
◆ ksquares : Win with the most number of completed squares. KDE game. 
◆ ksudoku : Sudoku game from KDE.
◆ lanshare : LAN file transfer app for any kind and size of files and folders.
◆ legendary-kingdoms : Implementation of Legendary Kingdoms Gamebooks in C++.
◆ libreoffice : Free and open source Office suite (this is an helper).
◆ libreoffice-fresh : Free and open source Office suite (Latest version).
◆ libreoffice-still : Free and open source Office suite (Stable version).
◆ librewolf : Web Browser focused on privacy, security and freedom.
◆ liground : A mordern Chess Variant Analysis GUI (game).
◆ liketaskmanager : Process/performances monitor (CPU, RAM, Disks and Network).
◆ linuxdeployqt : Convert a linux program to an AppDir or an AppImage.
◆ lmms : FL Studio® alternative that allows you to produce music with the PC.
◆ mcpodcast : Electron app for tasks around Podcast mp3 files.
◆ mediathekview : Broadcast manager in German language.
◆ melodie : Simple-as-pie music player.
◆ microsoft-edge-beta : Web Browser provided by Microsoft (Beta Edition).
◆ microsoft-edge-dev : Web Browser provided by Microsoft (Developer Edition).
◆ minecraft-launcher : Game downloader and launcher for Minecraft.
◆ minimal-podcasts-player : Subscribe, listen and download your podcasts.
◆ moonplayer : AIO video player to play Youtube, Bilibili... and local videos.
◆ movie-monad : Free and simple to use video player made with Haskell.
◆ museeks : A simple, clean and cross-platform music player.
◆ musicalypse : Audio/Music player and server built with Web technologies.
◆ nodejs : JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.
◆ npm : Package manager for Node.js (installer for "nodejs").
◆ ocenaudio : Multiplatform Audio Editor.
◆ olive-0.1 : Free non-linear video editor (first version).
◆ onlyoffice : Office Suite with full support for MS Windows formats and cloud.
◆ openhv : A mod for OpenRA based on the Hard Vacuum (game).
◆ openshot : A powerful Video Editor.
◆ opera : Fast and secure web browser.
◆ palemoon : Web browser fork of Firefox with a classic UI and modern APIs.
◆ photogimp : A patched version of GIMP for Adobe Photoshop users.
◆ photopea : Advanced Photo Editor for professional use.
◆ pkg2appimage : Utility to convert .yml recipes to AppDir (see appimagetool).
◆ platform-tools : Suite of command line utilities to manage Android devices.
◆ play-2048 : Another implementation of the 2048 game.
◆ poddr : Podcast client that uses iTunes RSS feeds and Search API.
◆ prime-world-editor : Edit world assets from games by Retro Studios.
◆ python2.7 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 2.7).
◆ python3.5 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 3.5).
◆ python3.6 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 3.6).
◆ python3.7 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 3.7).
◆ python3.8 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 3.8).
◆ python3.9 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 3.9).
◆ python3.10 : Interactive high-level object-oriented language (version 3.10).
◆ qbittorrent : A powerful QT-based Bittorrent Client.
◆ rambox : Messaging and emailing app that combines common web apps into one.
◆ redeclipse : A great first person 3D arena shooter with online support (game).
◆ sabaki : Modern, elegant, cross-platform Go/Baduk/Weiqi game board.
◆ shotcut : A powerful Video Editor.
◆ sourcetrail : Source explorer to get you productive on unfamiliar source code.
◆ spacewars : A re-imagining of the classic game Spacewar using Amethyst engine.
◆ spivak : Karaoke player based on GStreamer and Qt5.
◆ spotify : A proprietary music streaming service (Unofficial AppImage).
◆ sqlitebrowser : DB Browser is a light GUI editor for SQLite databases.
◆ stellarium : Planetarium that shows a realistic sky in 3D.
◆ strawberry : Music player and collection organizer. Fork of Clementine.
◆ supertux2 : Classic 2D jump'n run sidescroller game inspired to Super Mario.
◆ supertuxkart : Free kart racing game focused on fun.
◆ tag-editor : Tag Editor (supports MP4, ID3, Vorbis, Opus, FLAC and Matroska).
◆ telegram : Desktop version of Telegram messaging app.
◆ thunderbird : Free and open source eMail client.
◆ tunepack : Finding and download HQ audio files. 
◆ ungoogled-chromium : Chromium Web Browser version without Google services.
◆ ventoy : Tool to create bootable USB drive for ISO/WIM/IMG/VHD(x)/EFI files.
◆ vidcutter : Simple and fast video cutter and joiner.
◆ vivaldi : Advanced Web Browser (installer for "vivaldi-stable").
◆ vivaldi-snapshot : Advanced Web Browser (Latest Version).
◆ vivaldi-stable : Advanced Web Browser (Stable Version).
◆ vk-music-fs : Listen to the music from VK.
◆ vlc : Audio & Video player. Read, capture, broadcast your multimedia streams.
◆ vscodium : Community-driven, freely-licensed binary distribution of MS VSCode.
◆ walc : WhatsApp Linux Client (Unofficial).
◆ whatsapp-for-linux : WhatsApp Linux Client (Unofficial).
◆ whatsapp-nativefier : Electron-based WhatsApp Linux Client (Unofficial).
◆ wine : Compatibility layer to run Windows apps (installer for "wine-stable").
◆ wine-bottles : Profile manager for WINE to easily install Windows programs.
◆ wine-devel : Compatibility layer to run x86_64 Windows programs (Dev Edition).
◆ wine-stable : Compatibility layer to run x86_64 Windows programs (Stable).
◆ wine-staging : Compatibility layer to run x86_64 Windows programs (Staging).
◆ youtube-music : Amazing electron wrapper for YouTube Music featuring plugins.
◆ zoom : Video Conferencing and Web Conferencing Service.
